bring in now osam hamdan he's the Hamas
senior spokesman joins me on the phone
good to have you with us so first of all
we understand Hamas Fighters are
currently
engaging uh with Israeli forces inside
Israel what is the point of their
operation right
now well thank you for having me uh was
clear that the the whole operation is a
response for the Israeli attacks against
Alamos Jerusalem and and West Bank uh
and I have to say that there was a great
a big message for the Israelis the
Palestinian uied lands is still a
Palestinian lands regardless to the
presence of the settlements and the
settlers and there will be a time that
those lands will be evacuated from the
Israelis and it will be back for the
Palestinians this is the the important
idea of still fighting on our occupied
lands and uh uh the year 1948 all right
you're fighting as you say to end the
occupation but why is Hamas attacking
civilians well there was no attack
against the civilians all what was
declared by let me jump in there Mr hand
down if I may because a statement by the
UN Secretary General clearly says that
he's appalled by reports civilians have
been attacked and abducted from their
own homes and we've seen videos in fact
of what looks like israeli's been taken
into Gaza are you saying the UN secret
General is wrong the pictures we've seen
wrong this well this is very important
point to be uh figured uh through the
last 20 years Israel hold attacks
againsta and killed thousands of
Palestinians civilians and no one has
any comment uh I I I watched president
uh Biden talking about standing beside
Israel and and its attacks against the
Palestinians it's a kind of hypocrisy
he's not talking about the Palestinians
who are being killed yesterday a whole
family te members family shabat family
were killed this night by Israeli
bombing in an air strike and on their
own house where there is no militants
there they were only
civilians uh while when you are talking
about the settlers you are not talking
about civilians like the Palestinians
you are talking about settlers who are
armed who came but if
I the Israelis if the Israelis are
targeting and killing innocent
Palestinian civilians that does not mean
in international law it's acceptable for
Palestinian groups to Target and kill
isra civilians right it's not accepted
to attack civilians according to
international law so so that to come
back to my question why let me if I may
read to a statement by Amnesty
International which is condemning the
targeting by Israel of Palestinian
civilians but it's also condemning in a
statement by October the 7th saying
Palestinian armed groups must refrain
from targeting civilians and using
indiscriminate weapons acts amounting to
war crimes is amnesty
wrong well I have to say that you have
to differentiate between the settlers
and the civilians the settlers according
to the international law they are not
civilians they are
they they attack the Palestinians the
they they in fact shoot it against the
Palestinians so you have to
differentiate between both issues the
civilians and the settlers who are not
according to the international law
civilians and under international law
firing Rockets which is what amnesty is
saying firing Rockets are indiscriminate
weapons that can hurt and do hurt
civilians well we hope we hope that
amnesty can uh urge the International
Community to either to make an end for
the Israeli occupation or to urge them
to send uh uh more developed weapons to
attack just only the the soldiers uh
because we are not targeting on purpose
the civilians you know there is a huge
amount of Civilian targets inside
occupied lands 1948 which Hamas is not
aiming on or targeting them we have
declared that the s
they are part of the occupation and the
settlers they are part of the Armed
Israeli power they are not normal
civilians as they are named all the C
some some of these towns though are are
in the southern areas of Israel we're
not just talking about settlements in
the West
Bank well uh we everyone knows that
those are settlements and if you are
talking about sidro it's a settlement if
you are talking about it's a settlement
those are settlements on our occupied
lands 1948 everyone have to understand
that the Palestinian lands is a whole
complete land from sea to River and the
Israelis who are who who who signed the
oo agreement even they they did not
implement the agreement and they are
still taking over the Palestinian lands
so what what the Israelis are doing they
are telling the Palestinians there is no
hope for the Palestinians to have their
independent
state blink when he paid a visit to R
I'm sorry ask you to hold on for a
second there is a live press conference
we're going to listen into right now
we'll come back to you in a minute so do
stay with
us all right we're waiting to uh get in
some live translation in so we can hear
what the Israeli Army is saying in this
press conference I believe we have it
now so let's listen
in the Army is has launched a large
scale offense against Gaza
STP and we are targeting Hamas leaders
we have superiority in terms of uh
Firepower and we will disclose the
results
accordingly the Air Force as well as the
Army
personel have harnessed all their
capabilities and they will be put to
maximum use in the coming hours we will
also use
artillery and
we will continue with our large scale
offensive against
Gaza all right so we uh caught there the
remarks of Daniel hagari there saying a
large scale offensive will continue
let's bring in Sam hamdan he's a
spokesperson for Hamas and uh you heard
the vows not only there but Israel's
prime minister vowing to turn Hamas
sites into Rubble what's your response
to
that all right we seem to have lost uh
the connection there with aaman we'll
try and uh maybe we can try
again all right let me try again so Mr
Sam hamdan if you can hear me now we are
hearing the vows there from the Israeli
military but also before that from
Israel's prime minister Benin Netanyahu
is vowing to turn Hamas sites into
Rubble what's your response to that yes
well they have been doing that for the
Palestinian people for the last seven
decades and the Palestinians are still
standing fighting for their cause Israel
has to understand that they can't get
rid of the Palestinians they they are
the land of owners and they have their
own right to build their own State Hamas
will fight like the Palestinian people
there will be sacrifices we understand
that we know the consequences but we
have also understand that at the end of
the fight the Palestinian people will
keep standing against the occupation and
we will win our fight they have left
Gazza and they will leave other parts of
our lands we will determine we we will
decide our future by ourselves Israel
cannot keep controlling the life of the
Palestinians and the International
Community have to understand that the
problem in the region the unstability in
the region is because of the presence of
Israel nothing
else if Israel launches a ground
defensive what will that mean for the
people of
Gaza well it will be uh a very big
Massacre by the Israelis as they have
done that from uh uh 1948 up till now uh
but also they will
not uh play a game it will be a very
tough time for the Israelis not in Gaza
only everywhere in Palestine and maybe
from other places not only in
Palestine all right we'll leave it there
thank you so much hamdan